Add support for ECDSA `P-384` key type (#50)
digitalbazaar/bedrock-vc-verifier: CHANGELOG.md

# bedrock-vc-verifier ChangeLog

## 18.1.0 - 2023-08-TBD

### Added

> - Add support for verifying signatures that uses `ECDSA P-384` key type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for verifying signatures that use the `ECDSA P-384` key type.
```

Author: Updated [c4c5d69](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/bedrock-vc-verifier/pull/50/commits/c4c5d69d4e967c979a3b496fb8a56968da7bd262)
